Adds cloudzero integration (#2047)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cloudzero/README.md

### Benefits

Once connected, the CloudZero platform regularly ingests your Datadog billing information for both committed and on-demand costs across all Datadog products. CloudZero unifies this data with the rest of your cloud costs, giving you a comprehensive assessment of your total cloud investment. The platform then puts all of your cloud spend through numerous analytics features, revealing opportunities for efficiency and letting you craft and send custom reports.

## Setup

### Installation

Log in to your [CloudZero account][1] and navigate to the Connections settings. Create a new connection to Datadog. 

Once a connection is created, click **Authorize Datadog Account** to authorize CloudZero to pull data from your Datadog account into the CloudZero platform.

> Alternatively, you can initiate the CloudZero/Datadog integration by clicking **Install Integration** on the [Datadog integration tile][2]. Next, click **Connect Accounts** under the Configure tab to begin the OAuth workflow and create a connection in the CloudZero platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can initiate the Datadog CloudZero integration by clicking **Install Integration** on the [Datadog integration tile][2]. Next, click **Connect Accounts** under the **Configure** tab to begin the OAuth workflow and create a connection in the CloudZero platform.
```

### Configuration

You can adjust settings from the connection details page for your Datadog connection in CloudZero.

### Validation

1. From the list of [connections][3], you can see the status of your connection to Datadog. 
2. Click on the name of your Datadog connection to view more details about the amount and timing of data that has been pulled from Datadog.
3. Once data ingestion has successfully run, see Datadog costs included in the [Cost Explorer][4].

> ### Uninstallation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Uninstallation
```

# Agent Check: CloudZero

## Overview

> CloudZero helps engineering teams build cost-effective software. Through its innovative platform, CloudZero allocates 100% of customers' cloud, PaaS, and SaaS spend—regardless of their tagging quality—and presents it in a single unified view. It then combines hourly spend data with business- and system-level telemetry to put cloud data in a business context through precise unit cost metrics like cost per customer, per product, per feature, per team, and more. CloudZero's AI-powered anomaly detection alerts engineers to abnormal spend events by pointing them directly to the affected infrastructure, and promotes engineering engagement in cloud cost management.

Reviewer 2: Per the GitHub check, can you replace any non-ASCII characters in here?  (they usually happen when pasting from something like Microsoft Word).

# Agent Check: CloudZero

## Overview

> ### Overview
> CloudZero helps engineering teams build cost-effective software. Through its innovative platform, CloudZero allocates 100% of customers' cloud, PaaS, and SaaS spend - regardless of their tagging quality - and presents it in a single unified view. It then combines hourly spend data with business- and system-level telemetry to put cloud data in a business context, through precise unit cost metrics like cost per customer, per product, per feature, per team, and more. CloudZero's AI-powered anomaly detection alerts engineers to abnormal spend events, pointing them directly to the affected infrastructure, and promoting engineering engagement in cloud cost management.
> 
> ### Benefits

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

CloudZero helps engineering teams build cost-effective software. Through its innovative platform, CloudZero allocates 100% of customers' cloud, PaaS, and SaaS spend—regardless of their tagging quality—and presents it in a single unified view. It then combines hourly spend data with business- and system-level telemetry to put cloud data in a business context through precise unit cost metrics like cost per customer, per product, per feature, per team, and more. CloudZero's AI-powered anomaly detection alerts engineers to abnormal spend events by pointing them directly to the affected infrastructure, and promotes engineering engagement in cloud cost management.

### Benefits
```

> Once connected, the CloudZero platform regularly ingests your Datadog billing information for both committed and on-demand costs across all Datadog products. CloudZero unifies this data with the rest of your cloud costs, giving you a comprehensive assessment of your total cloud investment. The platform then puts 100% of your cloud spend through numerous analytics features, revealing opportunities for efficiency and letting you craft and send custom reports.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once connected, the CloudZero platform regularly ingests your Datadog billing information for both committed and on-demand costs across all Datadog products. CloudZero unifies this data with the rest of your cloud costs, giving you a comprehensive assessment of your total cloud investment. The platform then puts all of your cloud spend through numerous analytics features, revealing opportunities for efficiency and letting you craft and send custom reports.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> Log in to your [CloudZero account](https://app.cloudzero.com) and navigate to the Connections settings. Create a new connection to Datadog. Once a connection is created, you will click "Authorize Datadog Account" to authorize CloudZero to pull data from your Datadog account into the CloudZero platform.

Reviewer 4: As discussed, we highly recommend prompting the user to initiate authorization from Datadog. Can you add in that option as well?

> Log in to your [CloudZero account](https://app.cloudzero.com) and navigate to the Connections settings. Create a new connection to Datadog. Once a connection is created, you will click "Authorize Datadog Account" to authorize CloudZero to pull data from your Datadog account into the CloudZero platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Log in to your [CloudZero account][4] and navigate to the Connections settings. Create a new connection to Datadog. 

Once a connection is created, click **Authorize Datadog Account** to authorize CloudZero to pull data from your Datadog account into the CloudZero platform.
```

> Alternatively, you can initiate the CloudZero/Datadog integration by clicking Install
> Integration on the Datadog integration tile. Next, click **Connect Accounts** under 
> the Configure tab to begin the OAuth workflow and create a connection in the CloudZero
> platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can initiate the CloudZero/Datadog integration by clicking **Install Integration** on the [Datadog integration tile][1]. Next, click **Connect Accounts** under the Configure tab to begin the OAuth workflow and create a connection in the CloudZero platform.
```

### Configuration

> You will be able to adjust settings from the connection details page for your
> Datadog connection in CloudZero.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can adjust settings from the connection details page for your Datadog connection in CloudZero.
```

### Validation

> 1. From the list of [connections](http://app.cloudzero.com/organization/connections), you will be able to see the status of your connection to Datadog. 
> 2. Click on the name of your Datadog connection to view more details about the
>    amount and timing of data that has been pulled from Datadog.
> 3. Once data ingestion has successfully run, you will see Datadog costs included in the
>    [Cost Explorer](http://app.cloudzero.com/explorer). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. From the list of [connections][5], you can see the status of your connection to Datadog. 
2. Click on the name of your Datadog connection to view more details about the amount and timing of data that has been pulled from Datadog.
3. Once data ingestion has successfully run, you will see Datadog costs included in the [Cost Explorer][6]. 
```

## Data Collected

### Billing Information

> The CloudZero platform regularly ingests your Datadog billing information. This data is unified with the rest of your cloud costs, giving you a comprehensive assessment of your total cloud investment. 

Reviewer 4: This tab only renders if the integration is sending in metrics, so this won't show up on the tile. Feel free to add this to the Overview section, but I think it's mostly covered there anyways.

> - Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][7].
```

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [CloudZero support][3].

> [1]: **LINK_TO_INTEGRATION_SITE**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/cloudzero
```

[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3]: mailto:support@cloudzero.com

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[4]: https://app.cloudzero.com
[5]: http://app.cloudzero.com/organization/connections
[6]: http://app.cloudzero.com/explorer
[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
```

# Agent Check: CloudZero

## Overview

> This check monitors [CloudZero][1].

Reviewer 4: Can you please add some detail here on:
1. What CloudZero is/does
2. The type of data you'll be sending in/pulling out of Datadog
3. What value your integration will bring customers

## Setup

### Installation

To install the CloudZero check on your host:

1. Install the [developer toolkit]
(https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/python/)
 on any machine.

2. Run `ddev release build cloudzero` to build the package.

3. [Download the Datadog Agent][2].

4. Upload the build artifact to any host with an Agent and
 run `datadog-agent integration install -w

>  path/to/cloudzero/dist/<ARTIFACT_NAME>.whl`.

Reviewer 4: Please update this section to represent how to install your integration - the user will navigate to the integration tile, click install, click connect accounts, and then go through the OAuth flow (please describe how the OAuth flow works on your end once the user is brought to the onboarding_url).

### Configuration

1. <List of steps to setup this Integration>

### Validation

<Steps to validate integration is functioning as expected>

> 

Reviewer 4: Please populate these

## Data Collected

### Metrics

CloudZero does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks

CloudZero does not include any service checks.

### Events

> CloudZero does not include any events.

Reviewer 4: Does your integration send data into Datadog? If so, please update accordingly

### Uninstallation
- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> - Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?_gl=1*pc1ehd*_gcl_aw*R0NMLjE2ODY4NTM2MzIuQ2owS0NRanc3YXFrQmhEUEFSSXNBS0dhMG9Ma2Y4VWlPcmo2SHhoVkpFbE1yb0ZWdW1iSHVDVmhwYzdPb1psWXdHdy12NG9qV21SWjNmY2FBczJiRUFMd193Y0I.*_gcl_au*MTUyMDYzMDY1Mi4xNjgzNzI2OTI1*_ga*MTEyODQ5ODQyNy4xNjgzNzI2OTI1*_ga_KN80RDFSQK*MTY4OTA4NjY3NC4xNS4xLjE2ODkwODY5MzkuMC4wLjA.*_fplc*SG9HMWQ2YUNXT2JYJTJGSzJQMXo5RGRMcTRnQzUyUUt6SWdENkRPTU5yc3ZwNjhRb1NZUWpTMHR2RnZmZGxFSEpvTlZpRGUzSGJvaFpnR21KNDJCbExTZzhUUUlrMXlIdXYlMkZzUWZtRyUyQndQR1RuY0I1WGJZN3dmbngxT2lzdnNnJTNEJTNE).

Reviewer 4: Please move this into the Setup section

Reviewer 4: Also, I think you can shorten this link and remove all of the extra characters after `api-keys?`
